Jane Doe

Address: 1234 Maple Lane, Cityville, State 54321
Phones: (123) 456-7890
E-mail: janedoe@example.com
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/janedoe
GitHub: github.com/janedoe

Objectives
Experianced and detail-oreinted software developer seeking a positions in a challenging environment where I can utilize my programming skills to contribute to the company’s success and continue my profesional growth.

Education
Master of Science in Computer Science
University of Tech City, Techville, State
September 2016 - June 2018

Bachelor of Science in Information Technology
Tech University, Cityville, State
September 2012 - June 2016

Professional Experiences

Senior Softwares Developers
Innovative Tech Solutions, Cityville, State
July 2020 - Present

Led a team of 10 developers in creating software applications for clients in various industries.
Designed, tested, and implemented new software programs.
Maintained and improved the performances of existing software.
Provided technical guidance and mentoring to junior developers.
Software Developer
TechSoft Ltd, Techville, State
July 2018 - June 2020

Developed and maintained applications in C# and Java.
Collaborated with other departments to integrate software with their systems.
Implemented improvements to increase software efficiency by 20%.
Assisted in the design of new software features and applications.
Internships

Software Developer Intern
Mobile Innovations, Cityville, State
June 2016 - August 2016

Assisted in the development of mobile applications.
Participated in team meetings and contributed ideas to project discussions.
Performed bug fixes and helped improve application performance.
Skills

Programming Languages: Python, Java, C#, JavaScript
Frameworks/Technologies: .NET, Spring, Angular, Django
Tools: Docker, Jenkins, Git, Kubernetes
Strong problem-solving skills and ability to work under pressure.
Certifications

Certified Java Developer – Oracle, 2019
Certified Python Programmer – Python Institute, 2017
References
Available upon request.
